Grids: Add AI Column API descriptions (#8121)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/15 grids/AIColumnRequestCreatingInfo/additionalInfo.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> An object that contains additional data to include in the request.

Reviewer: We can write here that this field is used for manual creating request on the endpoint level.

---

> You can add data required for AI endpoints in this object, such as metadata and query parameters.

Reviewer 2: Sounds like "endpoints are in this object". 

```suggestion
Use this object to specify additional data required by AI endpoints. For example, you can add metadata and query parameters.
```
